The God Killer Sacred Dagger
Epilogue:

The three dimensions there were no god, no muse, no minor god, looking for the Sacred Dagger, The God Killer Dagger. The peace between realms got broken, because nobody knew where the Sacred Dagger is. From Olimpus no visits from any external god was allowed anymore, and the same did the Egiptians Gods and also the Nordic God. 

The situation got very very tense. First 100 years passed and the gods that at first were allies now they are enemies. But in one Place in a Earth, there is somebody, who was thrown from the Heavens, like the God of Israel, threw Satan from the Heavens, this god, has  an adust face, the look in his eyes is of somebody who is always scheming plans over plans and contingencies over contingencies, with a sweet charm, but with a cold and black heart. A very handsome god, son of the Giants, took by Odin as his own son, he is smiling, the furniture of the huge Mansion is unique and exquisite, the food, beverages, the wine, the beer, even the Coffee the best, he got human servitude. They were so enchanted in fron his magesty and charm, He stand up from his Sofa, very confy, inmidiatelly 4 servants asking what he needs, is 11 pm in the night, he said "Oh, my beatiful servants, I will go to my studio, Just bring some wine there for me and leave me alone." The servants very pleased to served him did what he asked for, and as he said they left for him a Bottle of Wine from France 1957, Cabernet, and also some Cheese to snack while he enjoys the wine. After everything was in order, they follow his instructions, they leave inmediatelly, and went to bed to sleep. 


Then he enters the room, smelling the cheese and the first cup of wine served, and without looking at the bottle, he said "my favorite 1957, Cabernet", with he sits looked around, looked above at the cealing, was very very high, in a form of a "Cupula", then when he was sure he was alone, he moved one of the Daly Paints, that he got in a bid for 1,000,000 euros. Behind a black security Box, with a digital code, he enters the code, he enter his hand and took what was inside the box, walk with it, begin to look closely at the object, the more valueable object of any museum in Earth or in Heavens,He read with a smile the Greek Inscription of the object, he pronounce the name of the gold inscripture  Θεοκτόνος (Theoktónos), and the Blade that was silver color, begin to bright  like the lights of the stars, and see the scripture in the Blade that was hidden until now "by Hefestos". He just sit his studio sofa, looking the craft, looking the gold, the details, the rubies and the esmeraldas, he took the Sacred Dagger with both Hands, and said "Well my friend, now that you are awake we have to visit All Father Odin and Freya....."..He did not finished the sentence, because he was so pleased, of the cosmic disturbance he is preparing not only for the Nordic Gods, for all the Dimensions, nobody will be spared....Loki drinking the last glass of wine, huge the Dagger that now is active, between his arm, and got asleep, schemming, and scheming more and preparing for contingencies....From the cealing we can see a God, smiling but is the smile of a God looking for revenge from everybody, with or without reason.....and Loki fell asleep.....with the most dangerous weapon in Earth or Heavens...and he felt totally pleased of what he will do.